hey this is an American flag shirt DIY
that I came up with for July 4th so if
you'd like to see how I made this shirt
keep watching
the tools I needed was a white t-shirt
scissors a stencil flag spray adhesive
red and blue spray-paint and scrap paper
first I cut off the collar
and the seam at the bottom of the
t-shirt I outlined how much of the
sleeve I wanted to cut off and then I
cut it
I took those leaves that I cut off and
used as a guideline for the other sleeve
so that they'd be even and then I cut
that too for the bottom I did a fringe
and I'm cutting thin pieces all the way
up to my marker which is a grocery bag
then I sprayed the he's up on the
stencil and stuck it to my t-shirt
I'm placing the scrap paper around the
stencil so that the thick of the
spray-paint doesn't get on the rest of
the t-shirt I'm also doing the
spray-painting outside because it can
get messy after I covered up where I'm
going to spray the blue I sprang an
opaque layer of red then I covered up
the red and spray and I'll fake layer of
blue when the paint was completely dry I
took the stencil off
so to jazz up this t-shirt and mist it
some red and blue spray paint then I add
some blotches for fireworks oh yeah
so that's all for this DIY thank you so
much for watching and if you recreate it
tweet me a picture make sure to like for
more DIYs comment down below your
thoughts and subscribe a blue buff for
more videos I'll see you all my next
video I'll talk to you guys later bye
you